= i18n_scaffold_generator

When in rails you generate a scaffold no translation file is generated. This gem
is designed to cover this shortage.

== Installation

Add to your Gemfile

  gem 'i18n_scaffold_generator'

Then bundle as usual.

== Usage

Next time you run

  rails generate scaffold SomeModel

a file named some_models_en.yml will be created in config/locales.

You can get the translations for other languages using {TranslationsSync gem}[https://github.com/dima4p/translations_sync] by running

  rake translations:sync IN=some_models

This will generate the translation files for all the others languages used in the project.
After that you will need to manually write the translations for the lines inside them. ;-)

== Contributing to i18n_scaffold_generator
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Many thanks to

* {Dmitry Shlensky}[https://github.com/shlensky] <shld@list.ru> for the idea and the code.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 Dmitri Koulikoff. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

